Performance Endpoint for Android (ARM CPUs)
File README
Version 7.10 SP2

Copyright (C) 2005-2010 Ixia.
All rights reserved.

Ixia
26601 W. Agoura Road
Calabasas, CA 91302 U.S.A.
Web: www.ixiacom.com
Phone: +1 818 871-1800 or + 1 877 FOR IXIA
Fax: +1 818 871 1805

General information:
Email: info@ixiacom.com

Technical support:
Email: support@ixiacom.com


Thanks!
  We appreciate your interest in our software.  We keep seeking
  ways to improve it; we welcome your feedback and suggestions.
  We continue to enhance and expand our Web site -- come and
  visit us.

  The latest versions of the endpoints are always available for
  free at http://www.ixiacom.com/support/endpoint_library/

  Note that the Ixia Performance Endpoints have not been tested with 
  NetIQ applications and may not function properly with NetIQ applications.



Only TCP and UDP/RTP support

  The Performance Endpoint for Android uses the Sockets interface
  to the TCP/IP support shipped with Android OS.
  APPC, IPX, SPX, or other network protocols are not supported
  in this version.


Here's what you need to run the endpoint:

  - A device with ARM CPU running Android OS
  - 2 MBytes of flash memory available.
  - 16 MBytes of free RAM.


No log files are created

  In order to save RAM space, the Performance Endpoint for Android 
  does not generate the endpoint.log and assert.err files.
  Still, all errors are sent to the output device.


TAR-Based Endpoint Installation for Android Performance Endpoint
-------------------------------------------------------------------

  Remember that all commands and parameters discussed here are
  case-sensitive.  Use the combination of uppercase and lowercase
  letters as shown below (for all the file names, "M" represents
  the major version and "m" represents the minor version).

  You can install from CD-ROM or download the Performance Endpoint
  from IXIA website. The following commands assume you have the file
  from IXIA website, which is named peandroid_Mm.tar.

  On a Android system, decompress the .tar archive using:

  tar xvf peandroid_Mm.tar
 
  The Performance Endpoint files are decompressed in temp directory:
    - the Performance Endpoint executable.
    - the README file.
    - the IXIA EULA.
    - the directory cmpfiles. This directory contains files with
      the .cmp file extension. These are files containing data of
      different types, such as typical text or binary data.  These
      files are used by the endpoint as data on SEND commands.  The
      different data types can be used to vary the data compression
      performance of your network hardware and software.
    - the ini file.
    - a file that holds the text messages that will be displayed by 
      the Performance Endpoint and by the IxChariot Console.


*IxChariot is a registered trademark of Ixia.  United States Patent 
Numbers 5,838,919, 5,881,237, 5,937,165, and 6,061,725. 
Other patents pending.

